Let your woman sleep with me for a while
I will spare your life.
I'm sorry he doesn't like you.
Follow me to ensure your prosperity and wealth
Excuse me?
I only like my husband
All the other men are shit
Do you know who I am?
Lao Tzu let you die in three shifts, no one can live in five shifts
Don't be afraid, I'm here.
Xu Ruoping, did you call those patrol officers?
Hmph, I'm so scared that my butt peed, sorry?
I really didn't call that police patrol
I called someone else
You'll have to wait
Don't wait.
Humiliation
As a result, you don't have to be polite to give your brother
Yan Nanfeng, you want to kill me forever
Why did he fix your brother?
Kneel down and apologize to my brother and sister-in-law
I pretend it didn't happen
My Yan family is the queen
You and I are peers at most
Kneel down for him
It's too much.
I can't. What about him?
Zhuge Liang